---
title: Code of Conduct
---


All attendees, speakers, exhibitors, organizers, contributors and volunteers
are required to conform to the following Code of Conduct.

Functional Vilnius events are for anyone interested in functional programming
and type-driven development to discuss and share ideas in a fun, engaging and
respectful environment.

The general rule is: **Be empathic towards others, don't be a jerk.**

We value the participation of each member of the community and want all
attendees to have an enjoyable and fulfilling experience. Accordingly, all
attendees are expected to show respect and courtesy to other attendees
throughout the meet-ups and at all Functional Vilnius events and online
interactions.


What it means
-------------

Functional Vilnius is dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience for
everyone, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical
appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of
meetup participants in any form.

All communication should be appropriate for a professional audience including
people of many different backgrounds. Sexual language and imagery is not
appropriate for any meetup, including talks.

Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down other attendees. Behave
professionally. Remember that harassment and sexist, racist, or exclusionary
jokes are not appropriate for Functional Vilnius.

Attendees violating these rules may be asked to leave the meetup at the sole
discretion of the organizers.

Thank you for helping make this a welcoming, friendly event for all.


Need help?
----------

If you are experiencing harassment or have concerns about our online content,
please [contact us](contacts.html).

During the meetup events, any of the organisers will be able to help you.


Spelling it out
---------------

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, sexual
orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, religion, sexual
images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following,
harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other
events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention.

Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply
immediately.

Contributors to the GitHub repository, the Meetup and/or event-related sites,
sponsors, or similar are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. Organizers
(including volunteers) should not use sexualized clothing/uniforms/costumes, or
otherwise create a sexualized environment.


References
----------

This Code of Conduct is based on the [Papers We Love
CoC](https://github.com/papers-we-love/papers-we-love/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

If you want to understand why a CoC is necessary, please read Ashe Dryden's
[FAQ on the topic](http://www.ashedryden.com/blog/codes-of-conduct-101-faq#coc101why)
and this [Geek Feminism wiki page](http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Conference_anti-harassment/Policy_resources#Why_have_an_anti-harassment_policy.3F).

If you are confused about some details of the CoC or want to amend it, please
get in touch with the organizers.
